Or 556/introduce max line width variable (#1624)
Financial-Times/origami: components/o3-typography/README.md

</Wrapper>
```

### Custom Properties

#### Max Line Width

> O3 Typography uses a custom property to set the maximum line width for text. This can be overridden by setting the `--o3-typography-optimal-chars-per-line` custom property in the selector where you wish to apply this rule.
> 
> ##### CSS
> ```css
> .my-selector {
> 	--o3-typography-optimal-chars-per-line: 60;
> 	max-width: var(--o3-typography-max-line-width);
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: This example is broken as there's no unit provided and there's no positive example of Origami use, which could cause confusion regarding what we actually recommend. How about?

```suggestion
`o3-typography` includes a CSS Custom Property `--o3-typography-max-line-width` to limit typography line length for readability. 

E.g. 

```css
.my-selector {
	max-width: var(--o3-typography-max-line-width);
}
```

```

You may want to slightly decrease or increase this limit inline with our [design guidelines](https://origami-for-everyone.ft.com/guides/typography/). To do so we recommend using the [ch relative unit](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Values_and_Units#distance_units).

E.g. 

```css
.my-selector {
	max-width: 70ch;
}
```

```
